I grew up in a small city in Colorado. We were lower middle class when I was young, but we had enough. The town I grew up in was about 40,000 people what I was a kid. The population was mostly white, with a sizable Hispanic population. The black population was slightly more than zero. The first black kid I met that was my age was in high school. I didn't have any black friends until college.

My parents never talked to me about race. We never acknowledged that we were white or talked about being white. Only in the past few years have I become aware of that. I hear stories of black parents talking to their children when they are young about race and about how to be safe in a world where "normal" does not look like them. I could get away with never thinking about race. That's one of the benefits of being white.

When I would turn on the TV, I saw white people. When I went to school, all my teachers were white. They all looked like me and I thought nothing of it. Around the time I got to high school, I learned about rap music. I loved it. Still do. I became infatuated with movies that portrayed the black experience. "Menace to Society", was my favorite. The young back men in those movies were so cool. Looking back, I see know that I missed the mark by a mile. Those movies illustrate some of the horrors that some black people go through, but all I could see was the sweet Mustang 5.0. 

In high school, I dressed with baggy jeans that sagged. I wore Southpole and Tommy Hilfiger clothes. I idolized Tupac. On the one hand I thought black hip-hop culture was awesome, but on the other, I just took the parts I liked. I didn't worry about the real people that were being described in the movies and lyrics. I kept a safe distance and I still didn't know any black people. I heard rappers say the N word so I started saying it to my white friends. It's what we would call each other. We thought nothing of it. I know that many other white people do the same. I have been ashamed of that for years and never talked about it. I would have denied it if confronted and this is the first time I am opening up about it as an adult. I have since come to understand that black people know all of it. They are forced to talk about race very early on. In retrospect, all of it is clearly appalling. It was all kind of like a fantasy land I could visit from my safe white existence.

By the time I got to college, I didn't dress in Southpole or Fubu anymore. I made friends with a black guy who I went to school with. We weren't the closest of friends, but it was by far the closest I had ever been to a black person. I remember having specific feelings about "having a black friend." I was excited and curious, but at the same time I was nervous. The friendship itself did not past beyond college and while we were hanging out, we never talked about race. Once I said to him that I thought black girls were hot and he gave me a strange look and moved on. My complete lack of awareness of black peoples experiences were clear. I still didn't really think twice about it. I didn't have to. 

You may be seeing a theme here. It was easier for me to ignore the blight of Black Americans than it would have been to understand, let alone make a difference. Black people have to deal with race. We don't.
